 Write an application that asks the user to enter two integers, obtains them from the user and prints their sum, product, difference and quotient (division). 
 Write an application that asks the user to enter two integers, obtains them from the user and displays the larger number followed by the words "is larger". If the numbers are equal, print the message "These numbers are equal".
 Write an application that inputs three integers from the user and displays the sum, average, product, smallest and largest of the numbers. [Note: The calculation of the average in this exercise should result in an integer representation of the average. So, if the sum of the values is 7, the average should be 2, not 2.3333....]
Write an application that reads five integers and determines and prints the largest and smallest integers in the group. 
 Write an application that reads an integer and determines and prints whether it’s odd or even. [Hint: Use the remainder operator. An even number is a multiple of 2. Any multiple of 2 leaves a remainder of 0 when divided by 2.]
 Write an application that reads two integers, determines whether the first is a multiple of the second and prints the result. [Hint: Use the remainder operator.]
Write an application that displays a box, an oval, an arrow and a diamond using asterisks (*)
Write an application that inputs from the user the radius of a circle as an integer and prints the circle’s diameter, circumference and area using the floating-point value 3.14159 for π or [the Math.PI property](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Math/PI).  Use the following formulas (r is the radius): diameter = 2r, circumference = 2πr, area = **π$r^2$**
 Every character has a corresponding integer representation. The set of characters a computer uses together with the corresponding integer representations for those characters is called that computer’s character set. Write an application that displays the integer equivalents of some uppercase letters, lowercase letters, digits and special symbols. Display the integer equivalents of the following: `A B C a b c 0 1 2 $ * + /` and the blank character.
  Write an application that inputs one number consisting of five digits from the user, separates the number into its individual digits and prints the digits separated from one another by three spaces each. For example, if the user types in the number 42339, the program should print `4   2   3   3   9`. Assume that the user enters the correct number of digits. **[Important: You should process the input as Number and not as String]**. [Hint: You’ll need to use both division and remainder operations to “pick off ” each digit.]